ok so here we are at the hotel son root
plaza in Tokyo hello hello welcome to my
little Japanese hotel room konnichiwa
trying out a pair of these hotels yes
the shoes and notice the keycard turns
on but they did the first
continue to the hotel horrible he'd been
we have to share we have these special
pajamas for sharing beds with and
they're like nightgowns yeah I can see
June having a pair of these yeah I
totally got you jun maybe we'll bring
you a pair back yeah nice number one
daddy haha Sakia to me cool big TV ah
computer oh the best I mean big just I'm
just scared with a home yes yes yes oh
this is gonna be meek will leave them
alone now sorry men anything bad about
this hotel room is my fault because I
picked it good good about it is bad
bunch of my look at this bathroom
battery notice that meant on it has a
shower and the day option Wi-Fi on
freshing and shower what's owed to
freshers razors hair a hairbrush have
black q-tips hmm yo those are just for
you can you sign up and back sponges
black bag what's this black camera
I didn't bring much hair dryer in a bag
okay holiday / vegan temporary assholes
yes it is so sayonara for now we're
going to eat